DEVELOPING: Improve docs on updating Polkadot (#1123)
centrifuge/centrifuge-chain: docs/DEVELOPING.md

./scripts/runtime_benchmarks.sh <runtime>
```

# Updating to a newer version of Polkadot

When a new version of Polkadot is released, companion releases happen for the other
parity projects such as Substrate and Cumulus, as well as for other third-party projects
such as the `orml` pallets, `xcm-simulator`, etc.

Therefore, updating this repository to a new version of Polkadot means updating all of these dependencies
(internal and external to Centrifuge ) and have them all aligned on the same version of Polkadot.

_Note: When we say "new version of Polkadot", we implicitly mean "Polkadot, Substrate, Cumulus"._

The high level flow to upgrade to a newer version of Polkadot is:

1. Update all the Centrifuge-Chain dependencies to a revision that also points to the last version of Polkadot 
2. Fix all the breaking changes introduced by the latest versions

### 1. Update dependencies 

0. **Update the `cargo patch` rules in `Cargo.toml`**

    The cargo patch rules ensure that we use specific revision for Substrate, Polkadot, Cumulus, and others, by
    pointing to a specific git revision. For each of the projects covered by these rules, look up the latest git 

>     revision for the new release and find-replace all in the root `Cargo.toml` file.

Reviewer: Since it is a fairly deterministic step, maybe we can add this command (to be repeated for every rev hash that needs update:
```
sed -i 's/$old_rev/$new_rev/g' Cargo.toml
```

Author: I guess everyone will have a different preferred method of doing this so I will skip this one. For me it's easier to open `Cargo.toml` on clion, get the old revision and do a find-replace-all right there, for example. But I appreciate it 👍

    For each of those repositories, create a new branch out of the latest `polkadot-vX.Y.Z` and repeat step 1 for each of them.

   - [centrifuge/chainbridge-substrate](https://github.com/centrifuge/chainbridge-substrate)
   - [centrifuge/unique-assets](https://github.com/centrifuge/unique-assets)
   - [centrifuge/fudge](https://github.com/centrifuge/fudge)

3. **Back to Centrifuge-chain, update the crates in the projects updated in step 2.**

    For example, if before we have a dependency on `fudge` at branch `polkadot-v0.9.31`, update it to `polkadot-v0.9.32`.

    Note: assuming `0.9.32` is the version we are updating to.

4. **Repeat step 3. for other third-party dependencies that also depend on Polkadot/Substrate/Cumulus**

    If any of the third-party projects we depend on don't yet have a branch or release for the new Polkadot version, 
    either wait or fork said project and run step 1 for it and open a PR and point that revision.
   - [`orml` pallets](https://github.com/open-web3-stack/open-runtime-module-library)
   - [xcm-simulator](https://github.com/shaunxw/xcm-simulator)
   - etc
   

> 5. **Build and test the project and migrate any introduced change**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Build and test the project and migrate any new introduced changes**
```

Author: good catch, thanks :)
